Durkheim - Solidarity:
	Production process - divided into nodes in a network
	But how do people relate to each other?
	Social fact - like suicide. Happening throughout history. The want to commit suicide has social origins. Depression stems from social cohesion and social regulation.
	Marriage is a social fact and a social institution. Way in which social integration is found.
	Idea of mutual dependence in capitalist society. Exists on the shopfloor as well. Freed people from isolation.
	Neo-liberal subjectivity - Political ideology (How does power work? How does it work in categories of social institutions etc). Nobody is accountable for your growth/development/education. The individual has to self develop/reform and take risks and action to develop. But doesn't hold in the level of the family.
	We are only an individual when we relate only to the commodity. If all of us individuals, why have regulations? Who is regulating?
	Two kinds of solidarity:
		1. Mechanical solidarity: Individuals were integrated at the expense of their individuality. Old, pre-industrial society. Division of labour by age and sex. [Capitalist societies requires people in the household just as much as it needs people on the shopfloor]. People are not completely replaceable. The people are very similar to each other, solidarity through uniformity and likeness. Totemic Culture: Every tribe has a totem, helps in exclusion/othering. Evolution vis-a-vis solidarity, people become more and more replaceable as society moved from tribes->serfs->capitalist society.
		2. Organic solidarity: Complex division of labour - no longer geographically limited. But this increased the functional interdependence of individuals. So much so that we can no longer actively identify where each component comes from. Hence we can only relate to the commodity. Racialised division of labour. Value addition to the commodity moves across the geographies, but the Congolese miner cannot work in Wall Street, even though their action is what realises the value. The movement of people is restricted and racialised. Solidarity because everyone is unique, and each adds value in their own way. We're interdepent on eo for work and for the cost of the product. Institutions + Structures = Solidarity
	In the transition period b/w the two, there is confusion - Anomie: Meaninglessness of work. Transient b/w collapse of mechanical solidarity and creation of organic solidarity. Individiuals feel out of place
	Forced division of labour - Division of labour wrt natural inequalities is good - meritocratic bias

	Repressive vs Restitutive Law
		Repressive Law: Crimes are offences against the whole society. Punishments are strict because the offenders should be removed from the society. In societies with Mechanical Law.
		Restitutive Law: Law is not to punish, but rather to bring back the original society. Hapens in Organic Solidarity.
		
